CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing

Thanks for being willing to contribute!

**Working on your first Pull Request?** You can learn how from this _free_ series
[How to Contribute to an Open Source Project on GitHub][egghead]

## Project setup

1.  Fork and clone the repo
2.  Run `npm run setup -s` to install dependencies and run validation
3.  Create a branch for your PR with `git checkout -b pr/your-branch-name`

> Tip: Keep your `master` branch pointing at the original repository and make
> pull requests from branches on your fork. To do this, run:
>
> ```
> git remote add upstream https://github.com/kentcdodds/learn-react.git
> git fetch upstream
> git branch --set-upstream-to=upstream/master master
> ```
>
> This will add the original repository as a "remote" called "upstream,"
> Then fetch the git information from that remote, then set your local `master`
> branch to use the upstream master branch whenever you run `git pull`.
> Then you can make all of your pull request branches based on this `master`
> branch. Whenever you want to update your version of `master`, do a regular
> `git pull`.

## Add yourself as a contributor

This project follows the [all contributors][all-contributors] specification.
To add yourself to the table of contributors on the `README.md`, please use the
automated script as part of your PR:

```console
npm run contributors:add
```

Follow the prompt and commit `.all-contributorsrc` and `README.md` in the PR.
If you've already added yourself to the list and are making
a new type of contribution, you can run it again and select the added
contribution type.

Next you'll need to regenerate the table:

```console
npm run contributors:generate
```

## Committing and Pushing changes

Please make sure to run the tests before you commit your changes. You can run
`npm run test` and press `u` which will update any snapshots that need updating.
Make sure to include those changes (if they exist) in your commit.

## Help needed

Please checkout the [the open issues][issues]

Also, please watch the repo and respond to questions/bug reports/feature
requests! Thanks!

[egghead]: https://egghead.io/series/how-to-contribute-to-an-open-source-project-on-github
[all-contributors]: https://github.com/kentcdodds/all-contributors
[issues]: https://github.com/kentcdodds/learn-react/issues

Commit message:

Changes references from master branch to main (#17)

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing

Thanks for being willing to contribute!

**Working on your first Pull Request?** You can learn how from this _free_ series
[How to Contribute to an Open Source Project on GitHub][egghead]

## Project setup

1.  Fork and clone the repo
2.  Run `npm run setup -s` to install dependencies and run validation
3.  Create a branch for your PR with `git checkout -b pr/your-branch-name`

> Tip: Keep your `main` branch pointing at the original repository and make
> pull requests from branches on your fork. To do this, run:
>
> ```
> git remote add upstream https://github.com/kentcdodds/learn-react.git
> git fetch upstream
> git branch --set-upstream-to=upstream/main main
> ```
>
> This will add the original repository as a "remote" called "upstream,"
> Then fetch the git information from that remote, then set your local `main`
> branch to use the upstream main branch whenever you run `git pull`.
> Then you can make all of your pull request branches based on this `main`
> branch. Whenever you want to update your version of `main`, do a regular
> `git pull`.

## Add yourself as a contributor

This project follows the [all contributors][all-contributors] specification.
To add yourself to the table of contributors on the `README.md`, please use the
automated script as part of your PR:

```console
npm run contributors:add
```

Follow the prompt and commit `.all-contributorsrc` and `README.md` in the PR.
If you've already added yourself to the list and are making
a new type of contribution, you can run it again and select the added
contribution type.

Next you'll need to regenerate the table:

```console
npm run contributors:generate
```

## Committing and Pushing changes

Please make sure to run the tests before you commit your changes. You can run
`npm run test` and press `u` which will update any snapshots that need updating.
Make sure to include those changes (if they exist) in your commit.

## Help needed

Please checkout the [the open issues][issues]

Also, please watch the repo and respond to questions/bug reports/feature
requests! Thanks!

[egghead]: https://egghead.io/series/how-to-contribute-to-an-open-source-project-on-github
[all-contributors]: https://github.com/kentcdodds/all-contributors
[issues]: https://github.com/kentcdodds/learn-react/issues
